added multi region support to migration-client (#2)
IBM-Cloud/kms-migration-client: README.md

    ## Legacy account variables ##
    export CF_ORG="<organization_name>"
    export CF_SPACE="<space_name>"

    ## New Key Protect account variables ##
    export KP_SERVICE_INSTANCE_NAME="<instance_name>"

    # Optional. Set if your new Key Protect service instance is in a different IBM Cloud Account
    # export KP_ACCOUNT_ID=""

>     # Optional, can leave this variable blank("") if your new KeyProtect service instance is in us-south,

Reviewer: Some suggestions:
```suggestion
    # Optional. Set if your new Key Protect service instance is in a different region. 
    # If your new Key Protect service instance is in us-south, omit this variable. 
    #
    # Possible values: 
    # "us-east" (Washington DC) 
    # "eu-gb" (London)
    # "eu-de" (Frankfurt)
    # "au-syd" (Sydney)
    # "jp-tok" (Tokyo)
    #
    # export KP_REGION=""
```
